docs: Update project details in the README (#4)
postman-open-technologies/openapi-componentizer: README.md

<div align='center'>
  <img src='OpenAPI_Specification_Logo_Pantone.png' width='35%' title='OpenAPI Logo'/>
  <h1>Componentizer</h1>
</div>

  This is a GSoC 2023 project. Initial project is proposed at [Postman Open Technologies GSoC 2023](https://github.com/postman-open-technologies/gsoc-2023/issues/9)
  ** Mentoring organization: ** [Postman](https://www.postman.com)
  ** Organizer: ** [Postman Open Technologies](https://github.com/postman-open-technologies)
  ** Mentors: ** [Bala Avulapati](https://github.com/bavulapati), [Darshan Sen](https://github.com/RaisinTen), [Arvind Kalra](https://github.com/arvindkalra08)

>   ** OpenAPI Specification Lead: ** [Mike Ralphson](https://github.com/MikeRalphson)

Reviewer: These ones don't look right on the GitHub UI Files Changed tab (everything appears to be on the same line). That needs to be fixed before landing. Will take a look at the rest tomorrow.

Author: Nice catch! I didn't notice this earlier. Made the appropriate changes. PTAL

- **Good to have requirement**: CLI's capability to accept the list of components to list under common components. This can be via CLI parameters.
- **Good to have requirement**: Capability to preserve comments in the components
- **Good to have requirement**: Capability to identify similar components and prompting user to confirm, before producing the output. The similarity detection can consider component description and other fields.

## Process Requirements
  How people interact with a product and how a product interacts with other (often existing) business processes?
- Users should be able to find the tool via online search, with an intention to improve and simplify the OpenAPI specification. This tool can sit next to the [existing tools]( https://tools.openapis.org/) in the OpenAPI ecosystems.
- **Good to have**: While generating OpenAPI specification from code or collections on Postman, Postman should be able to use this tool to simplify the specification.

> - **Tech Stack:** We are thinking about Typescript or C++, as the team has people familiar with this but we will consider the comfort of the contributors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Tech Stack:** We are thinking about Typescript, Go or C++, as the team has people familiar with this but we will consider the comfort of the contributors.
```

- **Good to have requirement**: Capability to preserve comments in the components
- **Good to have requirement**: Capability to identify similar components and prompting user to confirm, before producing the output. The similarity detection can consider component description and other fields.

## Process Requirements
  How people interact with a product and how a product interacts with other (often existing) business processes?
- Users should be able to find the tool via online search, with an intention to improve and simplify the OpenAPI specification. This tool can sit next to the [existing tools](https://tools.openapis.org/) in the OpenAPI ecosystems.
- **Good to have**: While generating OpenAPI specification from code or collections on Postman, Postman should be able to use this tool to simplify the specification.
- **Tech Stack:** We are thinking about Typescript, Go or C++, as the team has people familiar with this but we will consider the comfort of the contributors.
- **Distribution**: How we distribute the tool depends on the tech stack we choose. We will revisit this when we decide the tech stack.

## Contact

> If you have any questions or queries, please [create an issue](openapi-componentizer) on this repo (with a prefix GSoC 2023), start a topic on [our community forums in the GSoC category](https://community.postman.com/c/open-technology/gsoc/42) or send an email to us at gsoc@postman.com.

Reviewer: * Fixed the link for creating issues
* Removed the requirement of using the `GSoC 2023` prefix for issues (because it isn't really necessary?)
```suggestion
If you have any questions or queries, please [create an issue](https://github.com/postman-open-technologies/openapi-componentizer/issues/new), start a topic on [our community forums in the GSoC category](https://community.postman.com/c/open-technology/gsoc/42) or send an email to us at gsoc@postman.com.
```

Actually, should we enable GitHub Discussions on this repo? IMO, questions and queries should be opened as GitHub Discussions and not as issues because issues are like tasks that require an actionable item to get resolved via a PR.

Regarding communicating with us, should we also have a discord / slack account to ease that up? I remember that last year, when Electron took part in GSoC, the communication was happening on a slack channel where the contributor was invited. Maybe it makes more sense to create a slack / discord channel after the contributor is selected. Just wanted to mention this in case anyone else also has any thoughts / opinions on this.

Author: @RaisinTen Discussions is a good idea for communications. Enabled it. And made an [announcement](https://github.com/postman-open-technologies/openapi-componentizer/discussions/5) about the same on the discussions. That leads us to change the contact section, will do that.

GSoC 2023 has got a discord [channel](https://discord.com/channels/831210428314157076/1082617184989216849) on the Postman student Community. But I think, you are referring to a private channel with relevant folks. We can revisit this while onboarding the contributor.

Author: @RaisinTen PTAL
